Christians and other Bible scholars often
use some or all of these 12 points
to make the argument that the rapture cannot
happen yet:
1. They say the Gospel must be preached in every
town of the whole earth and it hasn’t.
2. They are waiting for Jerusalem to be surrounded
by armies.
3. They are waiting for the Final Beast, or Revived
Roman Empire to devour the whole earth.
4. They say the Falling Away has not occurred
yet.
5. They are waiting for a third Temple to be rebuilt so a man can sit in it and proclaim himself God.
6. They are waiting for the Abomination of Desolation
to be set up in that Temple.
7. They say the Great Tribulation has not started
and must come to an end before the rapture.
8. They believe the King of the North has not
yet set up his tabernacle between the seas.
9. They are waiting for a Seven year Peace Treaty
with Israel.
10. They are waiting for an Antichrist to rise
up.
11. They say the 7 seals must be broken prior
to the Rapture and none have broken yet.
12. They believe the Scattering of the Power of
the Holy People has not yet occurred.
In this video, I will prove using Bible scripture
that all twelve of these points have already
been fulfilled!
Number 1: In Matthew 24:14 Jesus said the
gospel of the Kingdom
shall be preached in all the world and then
the end will come.
Many Christians argue that this has not happened
yet
because there are still small communities
in remote parts of the world
that do not contain Christians.
Other groups, such as the Joshua Project imply
that
the acceptance and domination of Christianity
must occur in every region of the world.
However, that is not what Jesus said.
He said the gospel will be preached in all
the world.
Never did he mention Christianity.
Never did he mention acceptance or domination.
If he meant that it would be accepted and
dominate every single community of the world
he would have said that, but he didn’t.
He also did not say that it would be preached
in every village of the world.
He said it would be preached in all the world
and this has happened.
Even in the countries where it is illegal
to be Christian it has occurred.
If the gospel had not been preached in those
areas, then there would be no laws against it.
Also notice Jesus did not say the gospel has
to be preached by people alive today.
The gospel is not Christianity.
It is certain books within the Bible itself.
That means the preaching or teaching occurs
within the books themselves!
So the preaching of the gospel is not only
found in religious organizations,
there are many people studying these books
independently including on the internet (map)
and thus learning or being preached or taught
by the books themselves.
Therefore, wherever the Bible has been published
is sufficient evidence
that the gospel has reached that area.
This chart shows how many different languages
the Bible has been translated into.
641 languages in Africa, 570 in Asia, 405
in the Pacific Islands, 203 in Europe,
73 in North America, and 392 in Central and
South America.
This shows that the gospel has been published
in all populated regions of the Earth;
all of the inhabited continents.
Even if one were to argue that it must be
published in every language,
the Denver Post recently pointed out that
this may be complete by 2025.
But again, Jesus did not say the gospel must
reach every language of the Earth,
just like he did not say it must reach every
single community of Earth.
Just All the Earth.
The Whole Earth.
And I think it is obvious that has happened.
Every major area of the Earth has been reached.
Not every place has accepted the gospel or
converted to Christianity,
but Number 1 is complete: the gospel has reached
the whole world.
Number 2: In Luke 21:20 it says And when you
shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies…
then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.
Luke 21 runs parallel to Matthew 24 and Mark
13.
All three chapters give a timeline of events,
however, each differs slightly.
Jesus said in Luke 12:37,38 that there will
be three watches
and that we will not know which watch he will
come in; the first, the second, or the third.
In Matthew 24 Jesus lists three things that
watchers should see:
First, in verses 1 and 2 he said they will
see the Jerusalem Temple be destroyed.
Next, in verse 15 he says they will see the
Abomination of Desolation,
and third, in verse 30 he says everyone will
see the coming of the Son of Man in the clouds.
Mark 13 lists these same 3 events to specifically
watch for;
things Jesus specifically says to see.
But you will notice a slight difference in
Luke 21.
Luke 21:20 says to watch for Jerusalem compassed
with armies
instead of the Abomination of Desolation that
both Mark 13 and Matthew 24
say to watch for.
This is because Luke 21:1-24 is specifically talking
about the first watch!
It doesn’t list three things to see because
it is not talking about three watches
it is only talking about one watch; the first
watch!
This can be verified by the writings of Josephus
which describe in detail the events that occurred
when Jerusalem was surrounded by the Roman
armies in 70 CE.
The events he described are perfectly replicated
in Luke 21 and
in Luke 21:20 it makes clear that it is referring
to the destruction of Jerusalem.
Therefore, Luke 21:1-24 is not referring to the
final watch.
It refers to the first watch which was the
destruction of Jerusalem in 70 CE.
That is when Jerusalem was surrounded by armies,
so it is not necessary for this to happen
again.
It happened at the first watch.
So Number 2 is complete:
Jerusalem was surrounded by armies in 70 CE
during the first watch.
For more information on that, see the link
here or the playlist at the end of this video.
Number 3: In Daniel 7 verses 7 and 23 it describes
the final Beast that will devour the whole
earth.
This Beast is described in more detail in
Revelation 13:1,2
It is like a Leopard, has the feet of a Bear,
and the mouth of a Lion.
This means it is a combination of the first
three Beasts in Daniel 7.
The first three Beasts are well known to be
the ancient Babylonian Empire,
the First Persian Empire, and the Greek Empire.
The fourth Beast is well known to be the Roman
Empire.
Revelation 13:3 tells us one of the seven
heads of the Beast will be wounded
as if it were dead, but then be healed.
This wounding occurred with the dissolution
of the Holy Roman Empire;
in 1870.
It appeared that the Roman Empire was dead
at that point.
However, it rose again in 1920, in the name
of Peace.
There are several reasons we know the League
of Nations and the United Nations
are the Final Beast.
First, Revelation 17:8-10 puts forth a riddle:
The Beast that you saw Was, and is Not, Yet is…
…the seven heads are seven mountains…and
there are seven kings…
…five are fallen, and one is, and the other
is not yet come…
and when he comes he must continue a short
space…
and the Beast that Was, and is Not, even he
is the eighth…
and is of the seven, and goes into perdition.
The five that had fallen were:
the Babylonian Empire, the Persian Empire,
the Greek Empire,
the Western Roman Empire, and the Eastern
Roman Empire.
The one that is, it already told us: was,
is not, yet is.
In other words, the one that is refers to the head that was wounded and then healed (Revelation 13:3).
That was the Sixth King; the Holy Roman Empire.
Remember, the Kings are not the same as the
Heads, they are slightly different in this verse.
The Holy Roman Empire was the Seventh Head
but the Sixth King.
The one that had not yet come at the time
of the Holy Roman Empire
was the League of Nations, which only existed
a short time; 25 years.
That was the Seventh King,
and the Eighth King is the United Nations,
which is the same as the Seventh King, it says.
The United Nations was the renewed League
of Nations.
So the seventh and eighth Kings are the same
organization, as it says.
The other reason we know this, is in Daniel
8:23-25
we are told the King of Fierce Countenance
will rise when the transgressions
of the four horns of the Goat have come to
the full.
The four horns of the Goat correspond to the
Four Heads of the Leopard.
The Four Heads of Leopard all corresponded
to major Empires at different times in history:
The Seleucid Empire corresponded to the ancient
Neo-Assyrian Empire (Mesopotamia).
That was when it reached its full potential.
The Ptolemaic Dynasty corresponded to the
ancient Egyptian Empire; its full potential,
and the Antigonid Dynasty reached its full potential as
the ancient Greek Empire.
The only Empire that did not reach its full
potential by Daniel’s time
was the Attalid Dynasty (Anatolia), which corresponds to the modern country of Turkey.
This area reached its full potential as the
Turkish Empire
and it came to its end in 1923.
Daniel 8:23-25 says in the Latter Time of
their Kingdom
A King of Fierce Countenance will stand up
and …by peace shall destroy many.
The League of Nations rose up in 1920 at the
latter end of the Turkish Empire
and it rose by the stated motive of maintaining
Peace!
The League of Nations only existed a short
time
until the United Nations took over.
The United Nations is, therefore, the eighth
King; the Final Beast,
which the prophecy tells us is a combination
of all of Daniel’s Beasts.
The United Nations does, in fact, include
the nations associated with Daniel’s first
three Beasts;
but it does more than that: it includes every
country on the planet except four!
It literally has devoured the whole earth!
In 1968, the same politicians and United Nations
bureaucrats founded the Club of Rome.
In 1972, the Club of Rome, as a UN subsidiary,
published Limits to Growth
which eventually distinguished Ten World Regions.
What’s more, in 1991, the Club of Rome published
The First Global Revolution
which alarmingly, states that Humanity is
their Enemy!
In 2009 they published A New Path for World
Development
which further accentuated the Ten World Regions
published earlier in 1972.
These Ten Regions are the Ten Kings, and the
year of their publishing; 2009,
also included a major fulfillment of Daniel
9, which we will talk about later.
So the Final Beast; the King of Fierce Countenance,
has already risen,
and the Ten Kings have been appointed.
But there have also now been a total of Ten
Kings
since the start of Daniel’s Timeline;
1. Babylon
2. Persia
3. Assyria
4. Greece
5. Egypt
6. Turkey
7, 8, and 9: the Western, Eastern, and Holy
Roman Empires,
and 10. The Final King; the United Nations.
So Number 3 has been fulfilled:
The Beast, which Revelation 13 tells us includes
all the Kings since Babylon,
has already risen, devoured the whole world,
and has all Ten of its Horns as of now.
Numbers 4 and 5 concern 2 Thessalonians 2:1-4
which says
that concerning the coming of Jesus…
…let no man deceive you…
for that day shall not come except there come
a falling away first…
and that man of sin be revealed, the son of
perdition…
who opposes and exalts himself above all that
is called God or that is worshipped
so that he as God sits in the Temple of God,
showing himself that he is God.
Then notice in verse 7 it adds that this mystery
of iniquity does already work.
In other words, when 2 Thessalonians was written,
around 51-52 CE,
the iniquity spoken of in these verses had
already started.
Then it adds in verses 10-12 that after this
man of sin declares himself God
there will be a strong delusion and many will
be deceived.
So here is the timeline.
2 Thessalonians tells us the iniquity had
already started in 51-52 CE.
That was at the first rising of the Roman
Empire.
By 1512, the Popes were already being called Gods (Christopher Marcellus).
Notice the word translated as Temple in 2
Thessalonians 2:4, word number 3485,
means any heathen temple or shrine.
The Vatican Temple was built from 1506 to
1626.
In 1517, the falling away began with the Protestant
Reformation.
Then in 1894 Pope Leo the thirteenth proclaimed
himself God
while sitting in the completed Temple.
The Strong Delusion is the Church System stemming
out of the Holy Roman Empire;
the Seventh Head of the Beast and the Sixth
King of Revelation 17.
Click on the link here or the playlist at
the end of this video for more details on that.
So Number 4 is complete: The falling away
has already occurred.
The Temple in 2 Thessalonians refers to any
heathen Temple or Shrine
which applies to the Vatican Temple.
But in Ezekiel 40-43 there are measurements
for another Temple
that many believe will be built in Jerusalem
before the Tribulation.
However, the Ezekiel Temple is a Temple built
by God; the Temple in Revelation 21.
In Ezekiel 47:1 it says waters will rush forth
out of the Temple.
In Revelation 21:1,2 we are told that after
Armageddon there will be no sea on the Earth
and the Holy City will come down out of Heaven.
Then it gives the measurements of the Holy
city
and in verse 17 it says the wall is 144 cubits.
In Ezekiel 43:16, the alter is measured as
12 x 12 cubits which equals 144 cubits.
In Ezekiel 48:29-35 it actually says this
Temple is a City
and it has 12 Gates named after the 12 Tribes
of Israel.
In Revelation 21:10-13 it says the Holy City
that will come down from heaven in the end
has 12 Gates named after the 12 Tribes of
Israel.
So it seems clear by comparison of these verses
that the Temple in Ezekiel
is not a man-built Temple, but a Temple built
by God
that will come down to Earth after Armageddon.
This is confirmed in Hebrews 8:2, which says
the True Tabernacle is built by God, not Humans.
So the Ezekiel Temple is not the Temple that
the man of sin sat in.
The Ezekiel Temple is a Temple built by God
that comes down out of heaven after Armageddon,
and the Temple in 2 Thessalonians 2:4 is any
heathen Temple or Shrine.
The word translated as God in that verse is
the Greek word Theos
which literally means:
1. A God or Goddess
and 4. Whatever can in any respect be likened to
God
for example, God’s Representative, it says.
So the second half of verse 4 reads:
…so that he as a God’s Representative
sits in the Temple of a God…
showing himself that he is God’s Representative (meaning of Pope's Title: Vicar of Christ).
So numbers 4 and 5 have already happened:
The Falling Away started over 500 years ago
and the Man of Sin has already sat in the
Temple and declared himself God’s Representative.
The Strong Delusion that came after that involves the false belief that the timeline looks like this or this
or this.
All of these have been proven invalid in the
playlist linked here or at the end of this video.
Number 6: In Matthew 24:15,16 it says
When you see the Abomination of Desolation
spoken of by Daniel, stand in the Holy Place
then those in Judea will flee into the mountains,
and verse 21: For then shall be Great Tribulation.
This Abomination of Desolation is spoken of
in detail in Daniel 11 and 12.
In Daniel 11:31 it says that Arms will stand
on his part
and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength,
and shall take away the Daily sacrifice,
and they shall place the Abomination that
makes Desolate.
Daniel 11 is a very detailed timeline of events.
In order for Verse 31 to truly be fulfilled
it has to match the timeline in that chapter exactly.
This timeline ends in 685 CE when the Dome
of the Rock was built on the Temple mount.
The Dome of the Rock was built using
the same measurements as the Catholic Church
of the Holy Sepulchre.
It is a Roman Temple.
Daniel 11 explains how the Roman Empire created
the Muslim religion
in order to conquer Persia.
This is explained in detail at the link here
or in the playlist at the end of this video.
The other part concerning the Abomination
of Desolation is found in Daniel 12:11,12;
The 1290 Days and the 1335 Days.
Days can also represent years in the prophecy
and this fulfillment occurred in years.
The 1290 Years from the first ceasing of the
Daily in 606 BC
until 685 CE when the Dome of the Rock was
set up in Jerusalem.
Then 1335 years from 685 lands in the year
2020!
So Number 6 has been completed.
The Abomination of Desolation was set up in
Jerusalem in 685 CE.
Notice neither Jesus nor Daniel said it would
be set up in a Temple.
It does not say that in Daniel 11 or 12 and
it does not say that in Matthew 24:15.
It says it would be set up in a Holy Place.
Jerusalem was the Holy Place.
The Overspreading of Abominations in Daniel 9 are something different which we will get to later.
Number 7: The Great Tribulation is the “Tribulation
of Days”
as explained in Matthew 24:29.
This Tribulation of Days refers to the 1260
Days in Revelation 11 and 12.
Revelation 12:6 tells us the Woman fled into
the Wilderness for 1260 Days.
This Woman refers to Judea in Matthew 24:16.
Matthew 24 tells us the Abomination stands
before this fleeing
and Revelation 12 tells us the Sign in Heaven
appears before this fleeing.
The sign occurred in 686 CE while the Dome
of the Rock was being built.
For more on that see the link here or in the
playlist at the end of this video.
This 1260 day period is a 1260 year period
since Days refer to Years
in Ezekiel 4:6 and Numbers 14:34.
In Revelation 11 we are told the rain of fire
and brimstone will not fall during this time.
This is because Matthew 24:29 tells us the
Stars will fall immediately after the Tribulation.
Waters represent people according to Revelation
17:15
so the waters turn to blood because many people
were murdered during this 1260 year period.
This is also the time when the Two Witnesses
walk the Great City.
The Great city, according to Revelation 17:18
is Babylon the Great.
The Two Witnesses are the Two Candlesticks,
in other words, Two Churches walking Babylon
the Great.
They are Christianity and Judaism.
For more on that see the video linked here
or in the playlist at the end of this video.
The 1260 years of Tribulation has also involved
the murder and persecution
of those who will not worship the Beast.
The Great Tribulation started, according to
ancient scholars,
between 754-758 CE.
This is when the Holy Roman Empire began to
grow.
The end of this Tribulation, therefore, is
literally about to happen now.
Matthew 24:29 says the Stars Fall Immediately
after the Tribulation
and that starts the final time of trouble
of 3.5 years according to Revelation 11 and 12.
The rapture occurs when the Stars Fall.
This means the rapture occurs immediately
after the 1260 years
at the start of the final 3.5 years of Darkness!
This is the flying of the Woman in Revelation
12:14.
The Woman, at this point, represents the Great
Multitude of all Tribes and Nations
in Revelation 7:9, they are the Multitude
walking the Holy City for 42 months in Revelation 11:2.
The word translated as Gentiles there also means
Multitude.
This 42 months is the 3.5 years; the Final
Time of Trouble after the Tribulation of the Days.
So Number 7 has been fulfilled:
The Great Tribulation of the Days started
1260 years ago and is ending now.
Number 8: The Timeline in Daniel 11 continues
after the Abomination of Desolation is set
up in verse 31.
Verses 32 through 35 refer to Justinian II
and Pope John V.
Verses 36-39 refer to Pope Stephen II and
the Donation of Pepin.
And Verses 40-45 refer to the discovery of
America,
the subsequent invasion by the Holy Roman
Empire,
and the placement of the Vatican Temple in
the United States:
between the two seas; the Atlantic and Pacific.
So number 8 was fulfilled in 1866.
For more details on that, see the link here
or in the playlist at the end of this video.
Number 9: Daniel 9:27 says:
“And he shall confirm the covenant with
many for one week
and in the midst of the week he shall cause
the sacrifice and the oblation to cease
and for the overspreading of abominations
he shall make it desolate…”
The word translated as Week literally means
Seven.
So what many, if not most Christians believe,
is that
the antichrist will make a seven year Peace
Treaty with Israel
and then three and a half years later, break
the Treaty.
However, the verse does not say that!
First of all, there is no mention of the Little
Horn in these verses.
Second, Daniel 9 does not talk about a specific
placing of one Abomination
it talks about the overspreading of many abominations.
Third, it does not say the covenant is a peace
covenant,
and fourth it does not say the covenant is
with Israel.
So, while we do know that
the King of Fierce Countenance in Daniel 8:23-25
will destroy by Peace,
it does not say in Daniel 9:27 that the covenant
is a Peace covenant with Israel.
It says it is a Covenant with Many.
As it turned out, when these fulfillments
happened,
the covenant was a Treaty between the King
of Fierce Countenance
and the Whole World.
The man called Messiah was Obama, who won
the World Peace Prize
for confirming that covenant in 2009.
But after Obama was cut off, the Prince that
shall come; President Trump,
also confirmed the covenant, along with every
other President in the past 50 years.
The covenant is the Worldwide Treaty on the
Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,
otherwise known as the Non-Proliferation Treaty
or NPT.
This is a Treaty put forth by the Final Beast;
the United Nations.
A Treaty with Many; A Treaty with almost every
country on the Planet.
The Daniel 9 prophecy is very complex
and for details on the recent fulfillments
you can see this link here
or in the playlist at the end of the video.
In short, everything in verses 24-27 have
been completed except
the flood, the end, the battle, the gift on
the wing, and the end of sins.
This is an alternate translation; the meanings
of the words have been shown in other videos,
and I’ve highlighted in Red those things
that have not occurred yet.
The yellow highlights the Seventy Seven that
are determined to make an end of sins,
from the Going forth of the commandment to
restore and to build Jerusalem.
This started in 1947-48 at the UN commandment
and declaration of Israel.
So the Seventy Seven, it indicates, will end
in 2024 or 25.
Highlighted in blue is the appearance of the
man called Messiah:
the Seven, seven, and 62 Shavuots from 1948:
1961 birth of Obama and 2009 first year as
President.
After this, it says, Messiah was cut off.
That happened in 2016.
The next part says: Leader come in, perhaps
to go to ruin.
This occurred when Trump took office in 2017.
The red part is what has not occurred yet:
City sacredness end, Flood, End, Battle, Desolated,
Cut.
Strong covenant many, one seven, half seven
cease, sacrifice, gift on the wing,
detested thing desolated, even complete, cut,
pour forth, desolated.
Not a single word has been omitted or inserted
here.
This is literally what the ancient words say
in these verses.
The Strong covenant with Many is already in
effect.
It has been in effect since 1968, between
the Final Beast and the whole world.
So number 9; the covenant with Many, has been
fulfilled.
Number 10: What people call the Antichrist
actually refers to the Little Horn described
by Daniel.
There are at least 17 points concerning the
Little Horn so we will go through these quickly.
Daniel 7:8, 20 tell us the Little Horn comes
out of the Beast
and rises among the Ten Horns of the Beast.
The word translated as After in Daniel 7:24
also means In the Future
and the word Them is not in the Lexicon.
So the Little Horn doesn’t have to rise
after the Ten Horns,
its simply saying it will rise in the Future
and its different from the Ten Horns.
Whether the Ten Horns are the Ten Regions
of the World put forth by the United Nations
or whether they are all the Kings since Babylon,
the Little Country of Israel came out of them.
It was the Eighth King; the Beast who created
the country of Israel;
The United Nations put forth the commandment
in November 1947.
And Israel is different from the Ten Horns:
It is a country and the Ten Horns are not
countries
but instead are regions designated by the
Beast.
In Daniel 7:8 it says in the Little Horn were
Eyes like the Eyes of a man
and a mouth speaking great things.
But notice the Little Horn does not have a
face.
Contrary to popular belief, the Little Horn
is not a man.
It has the Eyes and the Mouth of humans, but
it is not a human.
Zechariah 4:2-10 and Revelation 1:20 tell
us that
the Eyes are the Churches of YHWH throughout
the Whole Earth,
and Revelation 13:2 tells us the Mouth is
the Lion, which Daniel 7 explains is Babylon.
Hosea 13 and Revelation 13 tell us that YHWH
is the Beast.
The Beast is both YHWH and the World Government
because
Deuteronomy 32 tells us the Government created
YHWH.
YHWH is the name the Mouth Babylon published
and ascribed to YHWH
the greatness of the Elohiym, who created
the Earth in Genesis 1.
So the Beast and YHWH are one and the same
according to the Bible.
The government tried to make itself God long
ago at the start of Daniel’s timeline.
but they didn’t admit that until the 1800s.
Even now, those who worship YHWH are worshipping
the Lord the government created.
Its not the true God, it is the Beast according
to the Bible itself.
And this worship is the Great Delusion:
The belief that YHWH is God despite the superior
evidence in the Bible
telling us that YHWH is, in fact, the Beast.
In Revelation 17:3 we are told Babylon, the
Mouth, sits on the Beast
and Revelation 17:15 says Babylon also sits
on People.
If it sits on the Beast and it also sits on
People, then it is sitting on the People of the Beast.
In other words, Babylon sits on the People
who worship the Beast.
The Beast is YHWH, so Babylon sits on the
People who worship YHWH:
The Abrahamic Religions highlighted in Pink
on this map.
The Beast devours the Whole World, Babylon
sits on the Beast,
so Babylon sits on the whole world; all seven
continents.
The Eyes of the Beast are the Churches of
YHWH throughout the Earth
and the Mouth of the Beast is Babylon
who sits on the Churches of YHWH throughout
the Earth.
The Little Horn is part of the Beast, therefore
the Eyes and Mouth of the Beast
are the Eyes and Mouth of the Little Horn.
The Little Horn is the Little Country of Israel
that was created by the Beast 70 years ago.
Therefore the Eyes and Mouth of Israel are
the Churches of YHWH throughout the whole Earth.
Jesus told us True Israel represents the Whole
Earth,
so the country in the middle east is not True
Israel.
It is the Little Horn of the Beast.
Daniel 7:8,24 also say there will be three
Kings that are plucked up before the Little Horn
These three kings were France, Brittain, and
Russia
who moved in and occupied the middle East
toward the end of the Turkish Empire
with the area around Jerusalem taken by the
League of Nations.
The League of Nations then transformed to
the United Nations
and created the Country of Israel, which pushed
Britain out of that region in 1948
along with France and Russia.
Daniel 7:25 says the Little Horn will change
the Times and the Laws
and have the Saints in its hand for a time,
times, and half a time.
This can refer to 3.5 years, but it can also
refer to 70 years.
One Time being 20 years, Times being 40, and
half a Time being 10 years.
If this is true, then this time period may
refer to the 70 year period beginning in 1947/48,
but it may also refer to the final 3.5 years;
the final Time of Trouble after the Asteroid Impact.
Daniel 8:8,9 say the Little Horn will come
out of the Four Horns of the Goat.
The Four Horns of the Goat are the Four Heads
of the Leopard:
The fourth being the Turkish Empire, which
was taken over in the middle east
by three Kings at its end
and then those three were pushed out when
the United Nations created Israel.
Daniel 8:11 tells us the Daily will taken
Away by the Little Horn.
This connects to Daniel 12:11,12.
The Abomination of Desolation was placed in
685 CE according to both Daniel 11 and 12.
However, there was another fulfillment of
those scriptures in 2012.
The key in understanding this one is in the
actual definitions of the words themselves.
The word translated as Daily, number 8548,
also means Continual Employment.
Employment that is continual would be called
a Job or Position in our modern society.
The word translated as Taken Away, number
5493, also means depose
which means to Take an Oath.
So it is saying that from the time the Position
shall be Taken Oath
until the Abomination of Desolation is set
up shall be 1290 days.
This was fulfilled from the day the man called Messiah took the Oath of Office to the placement of his steel beam in the One World Trade Center.
This was a secondary fulfillment of Daniel
12,
but this fulfillment gave us a very important
clue about Daniel 8:11
which says that the Daily will be Taken Away
by the Little Horn.
Now that we know the end-time Daily is the
Position of the President of the United States
and the deposing of that Daily is the Taking
of the Oath of the President of the United States,
then this verse is telling us that By the
Little Horn the Presidency of the United States
will be taken Oath.
Since the Little Horn is the Horn of the United
Nations
then it seems clear that Daniel 8:11 is telling
us the United Nations
has usurped the Presidency of the United States.
Not only is the UN headquarters in the United
States,
but it is also seems to be running the country
at this point,
which it was able to achieve by the use of
its Little Horn; Israel.
Verse 12 adds to that: A Host, in other words,
an Army will be given to him
by reason of transgression.
This has already proven true: Not only is
the United States
providing Israel an Army with weapons
but the United Nations has an army in the
USA!
That is what this is saying!
This army, however, does not come into its
full force until after the asteroid hits.
This is explained in the next part of Daniel
8:13,14 which talks about the 2300 Days.
It says concerning the Daily, in other words,
concerning the Position of the Presidency,
the sanctuary will be trodden down for 2300
Days
which is also translated as 2300 Evenings
and Mornings.
The word translated as Sanctuary, number 6944,
means Hallowed Things.
So the Hallowed Things, it says, will be trodden
down for 2300 evenings and mornings.
Those 2300 evenings and mornings correspond
to 1150 complete days
which is roughly 3 years.
So the 2300 days of the trodding down of the
Hallowed Things in the United States
will last roughly 3 years and that corresponds
to the final Time of Trouble.
This connects back to the location of the
asteroid impact.
The Seat of the Beast will be in darkness
it says in Revelation 16:10.
The Beast is the United Nations and its Seat,
or Headquarters, is in New York City.
Therefore, this is telling us that New York
City will be dark
during the pouring out of the fifth vial.
The 7 vials or plagues occur simultaneously
with the 7 Trumpets:
in not only one day, but in one hour!
As explained in Revelation 18:8-10.
It refers to the asteroid impact.
So it appears the prophecy is telling us the
asteroid(s) will hit not only the Atlantic Ocean
but also somewhere in the United States,
and afterward, the United Nations will take
over for 3.5 years.
So both the Beast and the Little Horn; YHWH
and Israel,
are literally being worshipped throughout
the world right now!
In addition to YHWH, many are also worshipping
the United Nations,
but the prophecy tells us they are one and
the same entity; the Beast.
The Little Horn is what many call the antichrist,
but the Little Horn is not a man, it is a
King, which Daniel tells us is a Country.
So Number 10 has been fulfilled.
The Beast created the Little Horn 70 years
ago.
For more on this click on the link here or
the playlist at the end of this video.
Number 11: Revelation 6-8 describe seven seals
that will be broken,
and the final seal obviously describes the
final event,
which is a star that falls from heaven.
In short, the first seal was broken in 312
CE
when Constantine began conquering using the
symbol of the cross.
This event is memorialized in the Vatican
Temple itself,
with Constantine displayed on a White Horse.
That was the beginning of the religious empire
that still reigns today
as Babylon the Great.
Seal 2 was broken in 1914 with World Wars
1 and 2;
the Red Horse of War.
Seal 3; the Black Horse; Financial Collapse,
was broken in 1929 at the Worldwide Great
Depression,
and Seal 4; the Pale Horse; Death in one fourth
of the Earth, started in 1948
when war broke out in the middle east because
of the occupation of the Little Horn
and also when disease and starvation started
to ravage Africa.
Seals 5, 6, and 7 occur in close proximity
to each other.
Seal 5 is the Multitude standing in heaven
in White Robes resting.
This is the escape of the Bride that occurs
at the end of the 1260 years
and at the start of the final three and a
half years.
It occurs at the asteroid.
And Seal 6 and 7: The Wrath, and the Hail,
when the Sun and Moon go dark,
will be broken at the Asteroid Impact as well,
and last for 3.5 years
during the final time of trouble.
So Number 11 has been fulfilled:
Seals 1-4 have already been broken
and Seals 5-7 will be broken at the Escape
(Rapture) when the Asteroid hits.
Number 12: In Daniel 12 it talks about the
Tribulation
and it says in verse 7 that: …when he shall
have accomplished
to scatter the power of the Holy People, all
these things shall be finished.
The word translated as Power is 3027 which
also means Strength.
The word translated as Holy is 6944 which
also means Set Apartness.
So its saying that someone will scatter the
Strength of the Set Apart People.
It doesn’t clarify who exactly the Set Apart
People are in this verse,
but Jesus said in Matthew 25:31-33 that when
the Son of Man comes
the nations will be separated into two groups
represented as Sheep and Goats.
These Two Groups are also represented as the
Blessed and the Woe’d
partially explained in Luke 6:20-26,
and notice verse 22 says that the Blessed
will be separated
from the company of some people.
The Blessed represent the Sheep, so this means
the Sheep will be separated
from the company of the Goats.
These Two Groups are also represented as Wheat
and Tares in Matthew 13:24-30,
and verse 30 clarifies when the separation
will occur:
It says in the time of Harvest
the Tares will first be bound together in
bundles in order to be burned.
They are not burned first.
They are bound together in bundles first.
The burning is the asteroid impact.
It is the final Time of Trouble.
The Tares go through that time of trouble
because they do not escape.
Luke 17:29-37 explains this.
It says in the day the Son of Man is revealed,
when it rains Fire and Brimstone from heaven,
in that day or night, depending where one
is at that time, one will be taken and the
other left.
The ones taken are the Blessed.
This is clear in Revelation 8.
The three Woes occur during the seventh seal
when the Seven Trumpets sound.
In other videos we looked at how we know the
Seven Trumpets sound simultaneously;
They sound at the falling of the asteroid,
and in verse 13 it says “…woe, woe, woe
to the inhabiters of the Earth…”
The three Woes represent the three years of
darkness that the Tares go through.
Revelation 9:1-12 explains that the first
Woe is the asteroid impact.
Revelation 12:12 also confirms that those
in heaven will be rejoicing
and the Woe’d will be on the Earth when
the Dragon is on the Earth.
The Revelation 12 timeline is explained in
more detail in the link here or at the end
of this video,
but in short, the Dragon fell to earth between
1945 - 1947
and that is when the Short Time began.
The Woman in verse 14 is the Multitude that
is being persecuted now.
They are the ones that will fly to safety
when the asteroid hits.
At that point, those left behind will be hunted
by the Dragon.
That is why Revelation 12 says Woe to them.
They are the Woe’d.
In other words, they are the Tares.
Revelation 12 confirms they are the Remnant
who have the Testimony,
which Revelation 11 confirms are the Two Witnesses;
the Christians and Jews.
Not all, but most, as stated by Jesus in Matthew
22:1-14.
The Wheat escape at the asteroid and the Tares
are left behind.
So in Matthew 13:30 where it says the Tares
will be gathered first and bound in bundles
it is talking about a time period prior to
the asteroid because
the burning is the asteroid impact.
That is explained in Daniel 2:34,35 and 7:8-11, Revelation 8:8-12, and 18.
The Stone will break the Feet and the Burning
Flame will destroy the Final Beast.
This is the Burning Stone which is a Burning
Star that will fall from heaven.
The asteroid impact will burn the Beast and
those who worship the Beast.
However, Revelation 13:4,5 tell us that
the Beast is given 42 months to continue before
it is completely destroyed.
That is the final 3.5 years.
So the burning of the Tares is the burning
of Babylon the Great at the asteroid impact
and the final 3.5 year period where they will
be hunted
by the Dragon and the Beast.
But prior to the asteroid, the Tares are being
bound together in bundles
and they are separating the Wheat from their
company.
So it is the Wheat that are separated right
now.
They are the Set Apart People who are scattered
in Daniel 12:7.
They are Set Apart
Because they are not bound together in bundles.
They are the Woman in Revelation 12:14 who
is being persecuted now.
They are the Multitude of All Tribes and Nations
that will escape at the asteroid impact.
Number 12 has been fulfilled.
The strength of the Wheat has already been
scattered.
There are people all over the world going
through the persecution and separation right now.
It is not one nation or country that goes
through this.
Revelation 7:9 says it is a multitude of all
nations and languages.
It is people all over the world, scattered
among the Tares.
So, hopefully, you can see that all 12 of
these points have been fulfilled.
The only event left for the Multitude is the
Escape,
and for the Remnant it is the Asteroid and
subsequent 3.5 Years of Darkness.
For more information on any of this, please
see the playlist linked here.
Thank you so much to those who make this work
possible.
If you liked this video, please consider providing
support using the link below.
I hope you are doing well and I will talk
to you later.